Okay,
guys,
in the next lecture,
I'm gonna have a look ahead to set up our worksheet to print.
But before yet,
there were going to come back to something I mentioned way back at the beginning of this
section.
Let's have to customize the quick access toolbar that you'll remember that the quick access
toolbar is this area at the top,
left hand side of the screen.
We can see at the moment we just have save,
undo and redo,
and then we're gonna add print preview,
toe that list.
So what we're gonna do is come up left,
click this little down arrow button just here,
and you can see that we have already have save,
undo and redo selected on.
We can also see that we have print,
preview and print.
So I'm just gonna hover over it left click,
and you can now see that that's been added to a quick access toolbar.
And there may be other options that you want to add into this as you progress through excel
.
If you find that used in particular function frequently to save navigating through all of
the ribbons to get to it,
you could left click here choose more commands,
and there you can see that you have an entire range of different options and you can choose
popular commanders and you can pick a particular tab.
So if you said well,
actually,
I would like to have a look at the view tab.
Just click View,
Tamp and you could say,
Well,
maybe I frequently like to have a look at something at 100% so just click 100% click.
Add on 100% will be added to your quick access toolbar.
Let's go back to Popular Commandments on Let's Say that you frequently use email so you
just left click email.
Click add click OK,
and they go.
You can now see that you have these options added to your quick access to a bar.
If you want to delete them,
just left click.
Come back down to more commands.
Choose them from here,
so left click male and say remove left.
Click 100.
Say remove and click OK on that.
Say you add and remove different options to your quick access.
Still,
bar easy is that.
See you in the next lecture